docs: corrected typos, grammatical errors & fixed broken URL (#106)
sigstore/docs: content/en/rekor/verify-release.md

OK, so we can see that a Fulcio-generated certificate, with a chain to the root certificate has the email identity of a sigstore maintainer (in this instance, our own release manager the awesome Carlos).

> If you wanted to be super paranoid, you could email Carlos and ask him to give you assurance he is Carlos and he signed the release.

Reviewer: Let's remove this joke

#### Verify the entry is in the transparency log

On the  [release page](https://github.com/sigstore/rekor/releases) you will see some URLs, these are the rekor entries of the signing events.

> This is the link for the binary and signing materials we have been working within this guide

Reviewer: Stet or rewrite

```suggestion
This is the link for the binary and signing materials we have been working with throughout this guide
```

}
```

> Woah, that's a lot of stuff. Let's focus on the body and decode it from base64:

Reviewer: Rewrite to remove the joke
